c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RESTORAN\RESTORAN\bin\Debug\RESTORAN.exe.config
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RESTORAN\RESTORAN\bin\Debug\RESTORAN.exe
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RESTORAN\RESTORAN\bin\Debug\RESTORAN.pdb
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RESTORAN\RESTORAN\bin\Debug\RESTORAN.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RESTORAN\RESTORAN\obj\Debug\RESTORAN.FR_LOGIN.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RESTORAN\RESTORAN\obj\Debug\RESTORAN.Resources.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RESTORAN\RESTORAN\obj\Debug\RESTORAN.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RESTORAN\RESTORAN\obj\Debug\RESTORAN.exe
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RESTORAN\RESTORAN\obj\Debug\RESTORAN.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RESTORAN\RESTORAN\obj\Debug\RESTORAN.pdb
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RESTORAN\RESTORAN\obj\Debug\RESTORAN.FR_MENU.resources
C:\Users\LENOVO\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RESTORAN\RESTORAN\obj\Debug\RESTORAN.FR_KARYAWAN.resources
C:\Users\LENOVO\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RESTORAN\RESTORAN\obj\Debug\RESTORAN.FR_KELUAR.resources
C:\Users\LENOVO\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RESTORAN\RESTORAN\obj\Debug\RESTORAN.FR_LAPORAN.resources
C:\Users\LENOVO\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RESTORAN\RESTORAN\obj\Debug\RESTORAN.FR_MASUK.resources
C:\Users\LENOVO\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RESTORAN\RESTORAN\obj\Debug\RESTORAN.FR_TENTANG.resources
C:\Users\LENOVO\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RESTORAN\RESTORAN\obj\Debug\RESTORAN.FR_KONEKSI.resources
C:\Users\LENOVO\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RESTORAN\RESTORAN\obj\Debug\RESTORAN.FR_DATA_MENU.resources
C:\Users\LENOVO\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RESTORAN\RESTORAN\obj\Debug\RESTORAN.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\LENOVO\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RESTORAN\RESTORAN\obj\Debug\RESTORAN.FR_PRIVIEW.resources
C:\Users\LENOVO\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RESTORAN\RESTORAN\obj\Debug\RESTORAN.FR_PENGATURAN.resources
C:\Users\LENOVO\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RESTORAN\RESTORAN\obj\Debug\RESTORAN.FR_ADMIN.resources
C:\Users\LENOVO\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RESTORAN\RESTORAN\obj\Debug\RESTORAN.FR_HAKAKSES.resources
C:\Users\LENOVO\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RESTORAN\RESTORAN\obj\Debug\RESTORAN.Fr_trAdmin.resources
